README.md, before:

# 1. Project Title
Sheltered Homelnessness

# 2. Student Infomation
Student Name: Rifumo Mabasa
Student Number: ST10476939

# 3. Change LOG
## 3a. Coded HTML using major structural tags
On all the web pages HTML code, I have used the three major structural tags header, main, and footer to add content as advised
## 3b. Additonal Infomation
As advised I have added text. images and content on the Home Page as advised.
# Screenshots
<img width="1877" height="921" alt="Screenshot 1" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/64b1fd84-03d8-491f-b378-005e6f55faea" />
<img width="1901" height="927" alt="Screenshot 2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e4f28026-8224-4432-be03-84526c03d19d" />
<img width="1893" height="910" alt="Screenshot 3" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b97ecce-10f3-418b-bc41-b02b9fba1323" />
<img width="1876" height="916" alt="Screenshot 4" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/33142e04-dc85-4e5f-a3bc-b83b34cbe30c" />
<img width="1867" height="913" alt="Screenshot 5" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0d8df5eb-905f-4247-9888-aff07a996e67" />
<img width="1892" height="907" alt="Screenshot 6" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f57583b9-686f-4ab9-83bf-<img width="1902" height="918" alt="Screenshot 7" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6043f4fc-5e51-4d56-a091-8c714151198d" />
108f4bbba0b5" />
<img width="1902" height="918" alt="Screenshot 7" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9c400665-5250-4231-930b-76b9b36aceb1" />

Commit message:

Revise README with updates and new files
Updated README with changes from feedback, including file renaming, proposal updates, formatting fixes, and new HTML files.

README.md, after:

# 1. Project Title
Sheltered Homelnessness

# 2. Student Infomation
Student Name: Rifumo Mabasa
Student Number: ST10476939

# 3. Change LOG
## 3a. Coded HTML using major structural tags
On all the web pages HTML code, I have used the three major structural tags header, main, and footer to add content as advised
## 3b. Additonal Infomation
As advised I have added text. images and content on the Home Page as advised.
After My feedback from Part 2 updated my work ny doing the foolwing.
 I changed the name of my file to"sheltered_homelessness.
 I updated my proposal from Part 1.
 I fixed some of the formats from my previous code to make them well and properly stuctured.
 I added new html called contact.html and enquiry form.html.
 I added a robots txt to instruct search engines on which page to index to when using the app.
 I also created sitemap.xml to help search engines to understand the structre of the websites.
# Screenshots
<img width="1877" height="921" alt="Screenshot 1" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/64b1fd84-03d8-491f-b378-005e6f55faea" />
<img width="1901" height="927" alt="Screenshot 2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e4f28026-8224-4432-be03-84526c03d19d" />
<img width="1893" height="910" alt="Screenshot 3" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b97ecce-10f3-418b-bc41-b02b9fba1323" />
<img width="1876" height="916" alt="Screenshot 4" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/33142e04-dc85-4e5f-a3bc-b83b34cbe30c" />
<img width="1867" height="913" alt="Screenshot 5" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0d8df5eb-905f-4247-9888-aff07a996e67" />
<img width="1892" height="907" alt="Screenshot 6" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f57583b9-686f-4ab9-83bf-<img width="1902" height="918" alt="Screenshot 7" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6043f4fc-5e51-4d56-a091-8c714151198d" />
108f4bbba0b5" />
<img width="1902" height="918" alt="Screenshot 7" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9c400665-5250-4231-930b-76b9b36aceb1" />
